README.md, before:

# R6 Operator Counters

A graph visualisation of counterplay in Rainbow Six Siege.

![R6 Operator Counters](https://i.imgur.com/8bRZsdb.png)

## Features

* Visualise hard and soft counters for each operator in the game.
* View operator details, counter details and filter the graph based on counter level (hard/soft/minor).
* Drag & interact with the operators.
* Crisp graphics at any zoom level.
* Responsive web design.

## Dependencies
* Uses [neo4dj3](https://github.com/eisman/neo4jd3) for graph visualisation.
* Uses [marcopixel r6-operatoricons](https://marcopixel.eu/r6-operatoricons/) for all the vector operator icons.

## Running

Clone the repository, install all dependencies, build and serve the project.

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/BurkusCat/r6-operator-counters.git
> npm install
> npm start
```

Open `http://localhost:8080` in your favorite browser.

## How to contribute

I am hoping that this project will be a fun place for open source newcomers (like myself). Feel free to take a look at the issues or come up with your own improvements for the project. I am happy to review pull requests and I can answer questions you might have.

Key places to look if you want to update something in this project:

```
Operator SVGs/Images - r6-operator-counters\src\images\svg\
The main webpage - r6-operator-counters\src\html\index.html
Neo4j JSON file with operator data - r6-operator-counters\src\json\r6OperatorCounters.json
Neo4jd3 script - r6-operator-counter\src\main\scripts\neo4jd3.js
Stylesheets - r6-operator-counter\src\main\styles
```

## r6counters.com
Any pull requests that get merged into master will trigger a build of the website. This build will get published to AWS and will be hosted at [https://r6counters.com/](https://r6counters.com/) after a day.

## What's coming?

* More filtering
* More views

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation copyright 2018 the author. Code released under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Docs released under [Creative Commons](docs/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add contributors section to readme

README.md, after:

# R6 Operator Counters

A graph visualisation of counterplay in Rainbow Six Siege.

![R6 Operator Counters](https://i.imgur.com/8bRZsdb.png)

## Features

* Visualise hard and soft counters for each operator in the game.
* View operator details, counter details and filter the graph based on counter level (hard/soft/minor).
* Drag & interact with the operators.
* Crisp graphics at any zoom level.
* Responsive web design.

## Dependencies
* Uses [neo4dj3](https://github.com/eisman/neo4jd3) for graph visualisation.
* Uses [marcopixel r6-operatoricons](https://marcopixel.eu/r6-operatoricons/) for all the vector operator icons.

## Running

Clone the repository, install all dependencies, build and serve the project.

```bash
> git clone https://github.com/BurkusCat/r6-operator-counters.git
> npm install
> npm start
```

Open `http://localhost:8080` in your favorite browser.

## How to contribute

I am hoping that this project will be a fun place for open source newcomers (like myself). Feel free to take a look at the issues or come up with your own improvements for the project. I am happy to review pull requests and I can answer questions you might have.

Key places to look if you want to update something in this project:

```
Operator SVGs/Images - r6-operator-counters\src\images\svg\
The main webpage - r6-operator-counters\src\html\index.html
Neo4j JSON file with operator data - r6-operator-counters\src\json\r6OperatorCounters.json
Neo4jd3 script - r6-operator-counter\src\main\scripts\neo4jd3.js
Stylesheets - r6-operator-counter\src\main\styles
```

## r6counters.com
Any pull requests that get merged into master will trigger a build of the website. This build will get published to AWS and will be hosted at [https://r6counters.com/](https://r6counters.com/) after a day.

## Contributors
Thank you to [all the contributors](https://github.com/BurkusCat/r6-operator-counters/graphs/contributors) to R6 Operator Counters.



[View our humans.txt file with more info about this project's contributors.](
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BurkusCat/r6-operator-counters/master/src/main/humans.txt)

## What's coming?

* More filtering
* More views

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation copyright 2018 the author. Code released under the [MIT license](LICENSE). Docs released under [Creative Commons](docs/LICENSE).
